README.md, before:

![](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/d63dd530-dc26-4909-97b2-ed20e642f24f/DALLE_2022-10-01_19.38.13_-_Library_of_Alexandria_filled_with_people_styled_cyber_punk_neon_lights.png?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Content-Sha256=UNSIGNED-PAYLOAD&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAT73L2G45EIPT3X45%2F20221001%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20221001T233948Z&X-Amz-Expires=86400&X-Amz-Signature=fefe6c789058f0f70c1e22d19b176a2d021e354fc1a3ae3afba37aa5ed017d62&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&response-content-disposition=filename%20%3D%22DALL%25C2%25B7E%25202022-10-01%252019.38.13%2520-%2520Library%2520of%2520Alexandria%2520filled%2520with%2520people%252C%2520styled%2520cyber%2520punk%252C%2520neon%2520lights.png%22&x-id=GetObject)

# Gideon

### What is this?

- An attempt at AI-first legal tooling.
- Frontend companion (treat it as a sidebar) runs at port `1111`.
- Backend API file parser + ai functions run at port `3000`

### Run it Locally

1. Create a file in the root of this repo called `.env`, and copy values from here to it: https://gist.github.com/youmustfight/e19ba8c5806716d2f92d9ccbfb31b630
2. Spin up the frontend/backend from the root of this repo with `docker-compose up`

---

![](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/6c7019c5-bf3a-4b0a-906b-55190d990aee/DALLE_2022-10-01_19.40.25_-_Library_of_Alexandria_filled_with_people_styled_cyber_punk_neon_lights.png?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Content-Sha256=UNSIGNED-PAYLOAD&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAT73L2G45EIPT3X45%2F20221001%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20221001T234101Z&X-Amz-Expires=86400&X-Amz-Signature=f4f460db47085cf61a53e0a3e8e408ec9369bece49fbd8fbdd816c2ecdb5d7e8&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&response-content-disposition=filename%20%3D%22DALL%25C2%25B7E%25202022-10-01%252019.40.25%2520-%2520Library%2520of%2520Alexandria%2520filled%2520with%2520people%252C%2520styled%2520cyber%2520punk%252C%2520neon%2520lights.png%22&x-id=GetObject)

Commit message:

🏴‍☠️⚗️ (#1)
* 🧐  🧾

* 🧐  📡

* 🧐  📦

* 🧐  🍴

* 🧐  ⚓️

* refactor: gpt embedding in numpy arr

* feat: faiss indexes split for gtp documents/sentences, clip

* feat: api pdf embedding/extraction debug endpoints

* feat: tortise orm + user, org, doc models attempt

* refactor: case id view handling

* refactor: index pdf file ocr, embeddings, extras separated

* improvement: frontend depends on api

* fix: user serialization + react-router 6 fixes

* fix: single process sanic to not crash + unblock easyocr

* refactor: easyocr reader cpu bound

* improvement: easyocr process-file endpoint

* ⚗️ (#2)

* feat: sqlalchemy 1.4/2.0

* refactor: sqlalchemy model mappings

* improvement: async+sqlalchemy driven api routes concept

* refactor: sqlalchemy index pdf path + session management

* refactor: index_pdf functions + embeddings on sqlalchemy

* improvement: aerich -> alembic

* feat: session inserts/updates/selects within single session commit

* chore: setup/build/migration readme

* fix: session add model, not insert/values query

README.md, after:

![](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/d63dd530-dc26-4909-97b2-ed20e642f24f/DALLE_2022-10-01_19.38.13_-_Library_of_Alexandria_filled_with_people_styled_cyber_punk_neon_lights.png?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Content-Sha256=UNSIGNED-PAYLOAD&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAT73L2G45EIPT3X45%2F20221001%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20221001T233948Z&X-Amz-Expires=86400&X-Amz-Signature=fefe6c789058f0f70c1e22d19b176a2d021e354fc1a3ae3afba37aa5ed017d62&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&response-content-disposition=filename%20%3D%22DALL%25C2%25B7E%25202022-10-01%252019.38.13%2520-%2520Library%2520of%2520Alexandria%2520filled%2520with%2520people%252C%2520styled%2520cyber%2520punk%252C%2520neon%2520lights.png%22&x-id=GetObject)

# Gideon

### What is this?

- An attempt at AI-first legal tooling.
- Frontend companion (treat it as a sidebar) runs at port `1111`.
- Backend API file parser + ai functions run at port `3000`
- Postgres DB running at port `5432`

### Run it Locally

1. Create a file in the root of this repo called `.env`, and copy values from here to it: https://gist.github.com/youmustfight/e19ba8c5806716d2f92d9ccbfb31b630
2. Spin up the frontend/backend from the root of this repo with `docker-compose up` (if api requirements change, rebuild the api with `docker-compose build api`)
3. Once running, go to directory `databases/app` and run migrations with `alembic upgrade head`

---

![](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/6c7019c5-bf3a-4b0a-906b-55190d990aee/DALLE_2022-10-01_19.40.25_-_Library_of_Alexandria_filled_with_people_styled_cyber_punk_neon_lights.png?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Content-Sha256=UNSIGNED-PAYLOAD&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAT73L2G45EIPT3X45%2F20221001%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20221001T234101Z&X-Amz-Expires=86400&X-Amz-Signature=f4f460db47085cf61a53e0a3e8e408ec9369bece49fbd8fbdd816c2ecdb5d7e8&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&response-content-disposition=filename%20%3D%22DALL%25C2%25B7E%25202022-10-01%252019.40.25%2520-%2520Library%2520of%2520Alexandria%2520filled%2520with%2520people%252C%2520styled%2520cyber%2520punk%252C%2520neon%2520lights.png%22&x-id=GetObject)
